azurerm_pim_active_role_assignment: add support for RBAC conditions. (#27947)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/pim_eligible_role_assignment.html.markdown

* `ticket` - (Optional) A `ticket` block as defined below. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

> ~> **NOTE:** If one of `condition` or `condition_version` is set both fields must be present.
> 
> * `condition` - (Optional) The condition that limits the resources that the role can be assigned to. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
> 
> * `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition. Currently accepted value is `2.0`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.
> 

Reviewer: Since we can't provide helpful validation on this property, maybe a hint on where users can go to find out about valid values? Also, notes are placed after the properties they're referring to.

```suggestion
* `condition` - (Optional) The condition that limits the resources that the role can be assigned to. See the [official conditions documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/role-based-access-control/conditions-overview#what-are-role-assignment-conditions) for details. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

* `condition_version` - (Optional) The version of the condition. Supported values include `2.0`. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.

~> **NOTE:** `condition_version` is required when specifying `condition` and vice versa.

```
